# 3rd Bureau meeting

Previous meeting was held on [**2022, November 18**](https://github.com/stakewise/bureau-notes/blob/main/agenda/Meeting%20%232%2C%202022-11-18.md)

Date: **2022, December 2**

Members present: All

## General points

**Jordan's feedback on Dework tasks**
- Layout is OK
- V2-specific integrations aren't worth pursuing, must wait for V3
    + Trustwallet, Zapper
- Galxe could be OK depends on the proposal we get, operator score with different tiers, prove the worth of your pool depending on your score, the higher the score, the theoretically better your vault is. Have it open before V3, see what people propose.
- Check with Kiri regarding how announcements can/will be made regarding the SWAT

**XDEFI wallet** ([link](https://www.xdefi.io/))
- Origin of users
- Interesting analytics
- Zengo and MyEtherWallet will be transitioned to V3, so other wallets must wait even if the connection is made to eventually integrate in the future

## SWAT tasks

**Analytics tasks**/**Tooling**
- Tasks regarding tooling for stakers and stakewise itself + the community
- DeFi Devin's comment is an interesting option
- bz's tool to show pool balances for a specific position (could be made into a bot or something)
- Twitter bot task
- Open tasks for V3, seek what the community might need, propose it, build it and get payed for it
- What does the community need?

**Marketing tasks**
- Focus on simple marketing tasks, allow people to make proposals for small SWISE payouts depending on the complexity of the task. An open task with proposals.
- How can the community make an impact? Raise awareness about V3?

**Multisig for SWAT payments**
- SWISE allocation, needs to be checked on with Kiri
- Set up a multisig for the Bureau using Gnosis safe, could be 3/4 signatures with all Bureau members

**Stakewise community identity**
- Some sort of viral marketing identity, rpl: decentralization, lido: liq., what could swise be?
- V3 tagline? What is special about V3 from an investor/operator/community perspective?

### Layout of dework tasks

We keep this layout for tasks tentatively

```markdown
**Summary**

**Deliverable**

**Definition of Done**
```

### Bureau deliverables for next week

- [x] Set up open task for marketing (community brainstorm in dework task comments)
- [x] Set up open task for development (community brainstorm on 'what does the community need in V3')
- [ ] Set up a multisig with 4 signatures (Bureau members), 3/4 signatures required
- [x] Elaborate more on the Galxe task on Dework to keep it open ended until V3, see what marketing ideas pop up from the community and leave it open to bids
- [ ] Chat with Kiri regarding V3 announcements, this could be done during the next meeting
- [x] Set up the Bureau 4 meeting event on discord, 7 or 8 January 2023
